README.md, before:

form-people_front-in_vite-html-css
======================================
Under construction: Form - people registration, Front End made in react-vite using just html and CSS 

Version 0.2: Send readme test repository main
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


STATUS: 
<h3 align="center"> 
	🚧  React VITE 🚀 App under construction ...  🚧
</h3>
<h5>We are still building</h5>

                      ==========================================
                      

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


![Login Screen](https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc/form-people_front-in_vite-html-css/blob/main/xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.png)


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
## Table of Contents
- [form-people\_front-in\_vite-html-css](#form-people_front-in_vite-html-css)
  - [Version 0.2: Send readme test repository main](#version-02-send-readme-test-repository-main)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Intro ](#intro-)
- [Feature ](#feature-)
- [Technologies ](#technologies-)
    - [Built With](#built-with)
- [How-To-Use ](#how-to-use-)
- [Author ](#author-)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->


# Intro <a name = "Intro"></a>

This project was developed previously for 'LarissaKich', found on youtube with the title 
""" Formulário de Cadastro RESPONSIVO (Responsive Registration Form) | HTML e CSS """
However, in my devepoment ...................................................................

<!-- 
Layout de site responsivo, simples, criado com código html, css e javascript; usando regra de mídia, barra de rolagem, ícone de sanduíche e menu deslizante 
 -->



# Feature <a name = "Feature"></a>
- Form peoples


&nbsp;
# Technologies <a name = "Technologies"></a>

In youtube's video this project was developed with Html, CSS

However, in my devepoment used:
Msg-linter and comitzen for semantic version and Convencional Commits, react-vite 

### Built With 
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)


 
 
&nbsp;
# How-To-Use <a name = "How-To-Use"></a>

To clone and run this application, you'll need Git, Node.js v18.12.0 or higher + npm (used version npm@9.2.0) installed on your computer. 
From your command line:

```
&nbsp;
## Clone this repository or download zip folder
### $ `https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc/xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.git`


&nbsp;
## Install project vite
### $ `npm create vite@latest`


&nbsp;
## choose name project, framework and variant
### $ `choose  (your project named)   vite-project `
### $ `(framework)       React`
### $ `(variant)         JavaScript`

### $ `Copy content project, was download of this Github repository, inside folder vite-project created before`


&nbsp;
## Run locally the app
### $ `cd folder-name-project (vite-project)`
### $ `npm install`
### $ `npm run dev`
#### $ `use the Local link provided by VITE to access the server`


The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.
```

&nbsp;
# Author <a name = "Author"></a>

👤 **Almir**

- Github: [@Almir-git-hub](https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc)

Commit message:

feat(react): v0.03.000 - form personal data and gender

README.md, after:

form-people_front-in_vite-html-css
======================================
Under construction: Form - people registration, Front End made in react-vite using just html and CSS 

Version 00.03.000: form personal data and gender
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


STATUS: 
<h3 align="center"> 
	🚧  React VITE 🚀 App under construction ...  🚧
</h3>
<h5>We are still building</h5>

                      ==========================================
                      

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


![Login Screen](https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc/form-people_front-in_vite-html-css/blob/main/xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.png)


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
## Table of Contents
- [form-people\_front-in\_vite-html-css](#form-people_front-in_vite-html-css)
  - [Version 00.03.000: form personal data and gender](#version-0003000-form-personal-data-and-gender)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Intro ](#intro-)
- [Feature ](#feature-)
- [Technologies ](#technologies-)
    - [Built With](#built-with)
- [How-To-Use ](#how-to-use-)
- [Author ](#author-)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->


# Intro <a name = "Intro"></a>

This project was developed previously for 'LarissaKich', found on youtube with the title 
""" Formulário de Cadastro RESPONSIVO (Responsive Registration Form) | HTML e CSS """
However, in my devepoment ...................................................................

<!-- 
Layout de site responsivo, simples, criado com código html, css e javascript; usando regra de mídia, barra de rolagem, ícone de sanduíche e menu deslizante 
 -->



# Feature <a name = "Feature"></a>
- Form peoples


&nbsp;
# Technologies <a name = "Technologies"></a>

In youtube's video this project was developed with Html, CSS

However, in my devepoment used:
Msg-linter and comitzen for semantic version and Convencional Commits, react-vite 

### Built With 
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)


 
 
&nbsp;
# How-To-Use <a name = "How-To-Use"></a>

To clone and run this application, you'll need Git, Node.js v18.12.0 or higher + npm (used version npm@9.2.0) installed on your computer. 
From your command line:

```
&nbsp;
## Clone this repository or download zip folder
### $ `https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc/xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.git`


&nbsp;
## Install project vite
### $ `npm create vite@latest`


&nbsp;
## choose name project, framework and variant
### $ `choose  (your project named)   vite-project `
### $ `(framework)       React`
### $ `(variant)         JavaScript`

### $ `Copy content project, was download of this Github repository, inside folder vite-project created before`


&nbsp;
## Run locally the app
### $ `cd folder-name-project (vite-project)`
### $ `npm install`
### $ `npm run dev`
#### $ `use the Local link provided by VITE to access the server`


The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.
```

&nbsp;
# Author <a name = "Author"></a>

👤 **Almir**

- Github: [@Almir-git-hub](https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc)
